hey guys so today I'm going to do an
Alexa Chung inspired hair tutorial first
I was wanted to just dip dye my hair
which is a little bit different from
ombre me because I'm braids a lot more
hair dye than the dyeing is just like
the tips of my own but I decided I was
looking at pictures of like ombre short
hair and I was thinking I likes a chunks
I was like hers is really hot she always
has short hair and she always walks the
ombre look and I was like well it looks
good on her I'm pretty sure we'll be
okay on me I was my beauty supply store
and um I was recommended a hair dye um I
valued their opinions due to the fact
that she's Asian and they have obviously
you guys know the age and actually have
dark hair and she said her daughter used
this brand all the time I never had to
go and read like we try to dye it to get
it blonde because this one didn't make
her hair brassy or orange looking so I
trusted her and I got the brain go for
is the L'Oreal brand that is the L'Oreal
for dark hair dye I always do that
because it's like semi not um like not
really dying like bleaching your hair so
like I said um the lady that was Asian
I said that her daughter uses this um
brand right here for bleaching your hair
to get lighter weight this is the one
that she recommend to me and um this is
what it looks like I don't know what
that say to get the 30 extra lift so it
will get it really really bright so
that's what I got um it's also that
clear all and yeah so this is it it's
the one I got so I'm going to section
off my hair and before I even do that
stuff I'm gonna section off my hair so
you guys see how my length of my hair is
right now like so so kind of like
looking at it and kind of seeing where I
have it and
I want to even leave the same on each
side I look so stupid right now make
sure you measure it make sure you know
exactly where it's at it's going to be
at the same level you want to make sure
that okay I know it's not supposed to be
so neat because ombre effect the
Sikorsky right there very careless look
and I love that so this um I'm just
going to mix this stuff up and then I'm
going to go in and start to on doing my
other stuff I bought this Clairol
package because I needed gloves and I
said how you went out and now it comes
with it because the thing right here was
only one eye and it came with this
little brush sign brush but with the
ombre effect that I feel like you don't
really need is so Kamath this and a
globe
you
hey guys so it's only been about like 15
minutes and my hair is already light so
that stuff is really good right now it
looks a bit crazy because I halfway
halfway washed it out which I had to
wash this side out because now I'm
starting to crazy but uh that's the
first really fast and really good I
didn't think that it was going to dye my
hair that fast but I really really did
so now I'm gonna go wash it off I just
want you guys to see what it looked like
before hand and yeah that's really it I
just wanna show you guys what I look
like before I wash it out and I'm gonna
wash it and I'll show you guys - any
product with it being washed and um
fixed up and stuff so so um this is the
ending product I feel like when I on
camera it looks red for some reason but
it's not red it's like a um really light
brown in the back it's blonde because
like I showed you guys in my video where
I was doing like how I get my hair
straightened and stuff I showed you guys
I was lighter in the back so I had dyed
my hair like a different color in the
back and the summer time last year and
then I dyed it back black it was like a
dark brown so that's why this came out a
lot more brighter in you know and this
is how it looks all around I don't know
but this is how it looks okay a little
bit closer
um I kind of want to read I my bangs
black because I don't like that just
being like that color I don't like it so
much
um but yeah
you